MEDICAL MODEL - basically views disability as a problem of the person, and that the person is responsible 
for finding a solution to any barriers they encounter, caused by their disability.

    Strengths: The medical model can address the biological sources of disabilities, either by clinically curing them, or providing ways to medically
                manage the conditions. The medical component of disabilities is a critical reality for many people.

    Weaknesses: The medical model treats disability as a problem or inherent characteristic of the individual, and seeks a cure or medical
                management of a bodily condition, often over looking the broader sociopolitical constrainst imposed by unwelcoming or inaccessible
                environments.

    Example:
            - A person in a wheelchair is unable to get into a building because the only way to access it is by using steps.
            - A person who has red-green color-blindness cannot tell the status of their project in the company's online project portfolio,
                because the status is indicated in red and green instead of being indicated by text labels.
            - Someone who is hard of hearing and attending a local government meeting in a large room cannot understand everything the mayor 
                is saying because the mayor is speaking without a microphone.

SOCIAL MODEL - Social model of disability sees the issue of disabilit as a socially created problem.
            - The social model of disability sees the issue of 'disability' as a socially created problem and a matter of the full integration of individuals into society.
            - In this model, disability is not an attribtue of an individual, but rather a complex collection of conditions, many of which are created by the social environment.

        Strengths: The social model emphasizes that people with disabilities have a right to participate in society. The model's focus on the disabling conditions in the environment
                    and in society makes it clear that the barriers and challenges experienced by people with disabilities are not inevitable.
        
        Weaknesses: The social model of disability can tend to downplay the biological reality of disability. The social nodel's push for sicla justice in the political aren 
                    can also put activists at odds with people with other political interests.

        Examples:
                - In the medical model, a person who cannot use the stairs to navigate a building needs to find their own solution. such as by using a motorized wheelchair
                that can climb the stairs. In the social model, the building is designed to be accessible, perhaps with ramps or elevators instead of stairs.

                - In the social model, a textbook is available in not only in print but also in digital and audio formats, so that all learners can access its information in a way
                that is best suited for them.

BIOPSYCHOSOCIAL MODEL - integrates the medical and social models and recognizes the complex interplay of biology, psychology, and socio-environmental factors in disability.
                - A better model of disability, in short, is one that synthesizes what is true in the medical and social models, without making the mistake each makes in reducing
                the whole, complex notion of disability to one of its aspects. This more useful model of disability might be called the biopsychosocial model.

                Strengths: The biopsychosocial model takes into account the whole person in the social context and focuses on environmental factors- physical, social, and attitudinal
                in which people with disabilities live.

                            It promotes self-efficacy for people with disabilities, which can help them gain control of their lives. The model also promotes social support, which
                ultimately leads to better well-being for society overall.

                Weakenesses: Because the model is more complex than the medical or social models, it can confuse people, particularly non-professionals, on which aspects of someone's
                experience are due to which factors.